Feature/add kusto streaming feature (#364)
Azure/azure-kusto-spark: docs/KustoSink.md

  'Queued' mode scales better than the Transactional mode as it doesn't need to do track each individual ingestion created by the workers.
  Queued mode can also solve many problems faced when using Transactional mode intermediate table and better work with Materialized views.
  > **Note** - Both Transactional and Queued modes use Kusto native queued ingestion as described [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/data-explorer/kusto/api/netfx/about-kusto-ingest#queued-ingestion).  
  
  **'KustoStreaming'** mode - uses [stream ingestion](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/data-explorer/ingest-data-streaming?tabs=azure-portal%2Cjava) 
  to load data into Kusto. Streaming ingestion is useful for loading data when you need low latency between ingestion and query.
  As ADX Streaming ingestion has a [data size limit](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/data-explorer/ingest-data-streaming) of 4 MB, for each partition over a batched rdd the connector will ingest **4MB** chunks of data, ingesting each individually. For each such batch - The connector will try 3 times to stream the data and if fails it will fallback to uploading it to blob storage and queue the ingestion. 

>   It is therefore recommended to configure the rate of Spark stream to produce around 10MB of data per batch and avoid using Stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is therefore recommended to configure the rate of Spark stream to produce around 10MB of data per batch and avoid using KustoStreaming.
```

  It is also recommended to tune the target table [ingestion batching policy](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/data-explorer/kusto/management/batching-policy) as this will effect the fallback flow latency.

  > **Note** - [Streaming ingestion policy](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-explorer/kusto/management/streamingingestionpolicy) must be enabled on the destination table or database and enabled on cluster configuration (see [documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/data-explorer/ingest-data-streaming?tabs=azure-portal%2Cjava) for details).  Streaming ingestion has certain [performance and operational considerations](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-explorer/ingest-data-streaming?tabs=azure-portal%2Ccsharp#performance-and-operational-considerations) please validate that the scenario for KustoStreaming mode is inline with these limits.

>   > **Note** : Do not use Stream mode for the sake of streaming as ADX streaming has additional cost and may not be what you need. Spark streaming goes well with Queued mode when developing continuous integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **Note** : Do not use KustoStreaming mode for the sake of streaming as ADX streaming has additional cost and may not be what you need. Spark structured streaming goes well with Queued mode when developing continuous integration.
```

  available up until the service finishes loading it, failures on the service side will not propagate to Spark but can still be seen.
  'Queued' mode scales better than the Transactional mode as it doesn't need to do track each individual ingestion created by the workers.
  This can also solve many problems faced when using Transactional mode intermediate table and better work with Materialized views.

>   *Note - Both modes above are using Kusto native queued ingestion as described [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/data-explorer/kusto/api/netfx/about-kusto-ingest#queued-ingestion).  

Author: Sure Ohad, Made it a bit more verbose
